# Credits

This project is based on *typora-mo-theme* for secondary development of visual and interactive design. The [template](template/) comes from *typora-theme-Jinxiu-template*. 

- [MarMomento/typora-mo-theme](https://github.com/MarMomento/typora-mo-theme)
    1. Redesigned the color scheme;
    2. Optimized the layout, modified paragraph spacing, space spacing, related inline styles and title size;
    3. Designed dynamic interactive effects for some elements;
    4. Modified the color and style of Typora menu bar and scroll bar;
    5. Added Alert style design.
- [Sophomoresty/typora-theme-Jinxiu](https://github.com/Sophomoresty/typora-theme-Jinxiu)
    1. Rename *sample-chinese.md* to *sample_cn.md*;
    2. Modification-deleted some contents in *[sample.md](./template/sample.md)* and *[sample_cn.md](./template/sample_cn.md)*;
    3. Changed the sample images;
    4. Added style examples for Alert.

According to the MIT agreement, the following is the LICENSE original text of typora-mo-theme:

```
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2020 Momento

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
```



# 致谢

本项目基于 *typora-mo-theme* 进行了视觉与交互设计的二次开发，[template](template/) 来源于 *typora-theme-Jinxiu/template*。以下是修改详情：

- [MarMomento/typora-mo-theme](https://github.com/MarMomento/typora-mo-theme)
    1. 重新设计了配色风格；
    2. 优化了排版，修改了段落间距、空格间隔、相关内联样式及标题大小；
    3. 设计了部分元素的动态交互效果；
    4. 修改了 Typora 菜单栏及滚动条的配色及样式；
    5. 添加了 Alert 的样式设计。
- [Sophomoresty/typora-theme-Jinxiu](https://github.com/Sophomoresty/typora-theme-Jinxiu)
    1. 重命名 *sample-chinese.md* 为 *sample_cn.md*；
    2. 修改/删减了 *[sample.md](./template/sample.md)* 和 *[sample_cn.md](./template/sample_cn.md)* 中的部分内容；
    3. 更换了示例图片；
    4. 添加了 Alert 的样式示例。

根据 MIT 协议，以下为 typora-mo-theme 的 LICENSE 原文：

```
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2020 Momento

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
```

